How do you know his name?
He's my cousin.
You guys are cousins?
Anyway.
You are not allowed to work here from now on
Why? Because he knows you work here.
So what? Go work somewhere else.
If you have nothing else to do
Just go
Don't affect my work
Dear, there are no customers in the store at this time
It will be available soon.
Ha ha.
Hahaha
Yo cousin is back
Grandpa wishes you happiness like the East China Sea
Shoubinan Mountain
Have unfilial descendants like you
I can't live that long.
Yes, cousin.
You said that grandpa loves you the most
You are so angry with grandpa
It's so inappropriate
That grandpa company is very busy
I'll go back to the company first.
If the company is busy, don't come back in the future
Today is Grandpa's 70th birthday
You don't accompany grandpa to celebrate his birthday before leaving
Isn't there something wrong?
Then I'll go back to my room first
Grandpa, I'm going to have a few words with my cousin first
Why are you afraid that I will take away your An Jinyan?
Get out! Why on earth do you hate me so much?
I don't hate you.
But I despise you.
If it weren't for you
The position of President of the Youshi Group
It's mine.